yes 22 points tonight that's nine three
point conversions now for ear 21 they're
back in a game that by just three points
8178 honest are allowed to the peyote
the supported final quarter
daddy Seagal against our with Santos and
there's a steal but as a counter steal
and applauded by our win South buzzer
comes with a our polenta here 21 down by
just three bullets out the right side
scattering the floor sends it over to
carry the weight got rid of it
and tied the game with a three-pointer
now hit on the ball he will take two
the first personal a bucket on the north
where a second team foul Elizabeth olya
Garrett Ovid with a big opportunity to
make it a one-point game
like Pingris checks in the game para
Palatine see Danny Siegel nordley tagada
also coming in by the palette oxycodone
ought to bear a second free throw
Gary the vid you know imports are
neutralizing each other the imports
begin to assert themselves how far can
you go on one full tank these days
proven four times over
patron extra unleaded gives you what it
takes
to go along long long way the Tron extra
unleaded go with the extra miles operate
by the time again start gonna swim
what gali Moulton and Chan pay attention
to your digestion everyday ever back
inside the Vanetta Astrodome
got it the vid and the rest of the air
21 inches razor knocking on the door
linear pauletta they cook set up veto
moment mr. Upton femur dito protein by
coca-cola syrup Tito
five and fifty six remaining beat us a
game six air21 leads the series three
games to two
here's the baton let's send you over
Erik Reyes will be going that last
timeout coach Bo Paris it was
emphasizing to talk her up on the
shooters Makaha go Neela Rico it's a
Bellini coachable well it don't see
Stephen Thomas tying guy nominee on the
post by himself continuing to learn but
concentrate on the shooters of Kampala
he go celebrate for the lead very
disorganized
they lost possession in the previous day
there's that place an Adele couple
bustling his way through and he gives
air21 a two-point lead
83 81 possibly possibly a four-point
lead
check their three-point lead
so three-point advantage for the air21
Express there's obvious vinius 15 points
back in the first half run it up now
with 13 points and Olsen is in trouble
here's Danny I a scale outside for
gotta be honest will arriba wide open
look for Laurie to garden and Fotolia
again having a difficult time advancing
the ball they had to go to Daniel
defenses to bring up that ball past the
time line have to show Canada bed for
three
and there's a push and it will be
against McCaskill it will be against the
import on Magnolia
under five minutes to go here in Game
six
they're 21 now in a driver's seat it is
Arwen sap goes on the bulb
Santa's kick-out is right at them going
inside any gift for them
the defense the Magnolia in Rama Lama
are they gonna stay home outside Ronnie
del Del Campo with his versatility
moving up close and passing up on the
outside shot beverage masters embattled
at this point having relinquished locus
once a proud 15-point lead Pingris
withdrew the showed big breasts with
nowhere to go but he somehow got the
ball back and he squirted a nick of time
so it's a three-point game in favor of
air 21
well checkup I stopped and capitalizing
on turnovers Simona did you do nothing
you points off turnovers and that's a
checkmark here for air21
maybe three turnover points for but
everyone else a lot of voice
miss balloonist guided the vid open shot
rebound Danny on the court so here's
Rossella the cell is a trouble at the
back court pointed over to Danny high
pressure defense in the backcourt is
really damaging and forcing Mageau game
to another turnover
voila - lusaka advance tombola and
there's no answer to that pressure
defense the air21 best opportunity Paris
about dolia the 309 team to go coach
Paparizou alumina Gregory togusa
Portland on of abode a panel of gagawin
7 ala big boggy the mapping fourth and
final quarter